new section to avoid hoarding (#211)
flattenthecurve/guide: _sections/act_and_prepare/en/03-dont/14-do-not-hoard.md

{:.dont}

### Do not hoard supplies 

Items can easily become in short supply due to hoarding.  Common products experiencing shortages include toilet paper, bottled water, and medical supplies.

> Avoid purchasing large quantities of products, particularly those in short supply.  Get what you need. Leave the rest for others who need it.  If you have a large quantifiy of masks or other supplies consider donating it to groups in need such as healthcare providers or a local food pantry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid purchasing large quantities of products, particularly those in short supply.  Get what you need for 2-4 weeks. Leave the rest for others who need it.  If you have a large quantity of masks or other supplies consider donating it to groups in need such as healthcare providers or a local food pantry.
```
